pre-122 updates for most open issues (#20)
mstojens/draft-tjjk-cared: draft-tjjk-cared.md

to pre-existing relationships between the client and server, there
should be no need for at-run-time intervention by a human user.

### Resistance to replay attacks

Today, there are some attempts to identify clients that involve use of client-
specific DoH templates or DoT hostnames, addition of magic strings to requests,
and other mechanisms to enable proprietary experiences. It is important that
recommendations for client authentication are restricted to mechanisms that

> would require compromise of secrets versus configurations which may not enjoy

Reviewer: This sentence is a tough read for me, it took me a few times. i think it's saying that you shouldn't use an authentication that allows unprotected secrets/keys ?

Reviewer 2: Yes, indeed that was my intent. Gimme a couple minutes, I'll rephrase (you're right, this is awkward)

Reviewer 2: How about the new text?

> the same storage or memeory protections within apps or operating systems that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the same storage or memory protections within apps or operating systems that
```

> and other mechanisms to enable proprietary experiences. It is important that
> recommendations for client authentication are restricted to mechanisms that
> would require compromise of secrets versus configurations which may not enjoy
> the same storage or memory protections within apps or operating systems that
> cryptographic secrets do.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and other mechanisms to enable proprietary experiences. It is important that
recommendations for client authentication are restricted to mechanisms that
protect their secrets or keys from replay attacks or compromise by unprivileged
processes.
```

Reviewer: lgtm
